[Rick and Morty main theme]
[thunder]
[Morty gasps]
Run!
-Do it! Hit the button now!
-I can't do it. They're my family!
It's not your family! They're clones
from an alternate reality,
possessed by demonic alien spirits
from another dimension!
Do you need a mnemonic device?
Just hit the button!
[demonic grunts]
[sweet voice] Morty, please,
I love you, sweetheart.
[Morty screams]
[demons shriek]
Good work, Morty.
These demonic alien spirits
are really valuable.
You okay? I told you
not to trust that tuna.
I just killed my family!
I don't care what they were.
Some people'd pay
for that kind of breakthrough.
[irritated] Rick, that's it!
I'm done with these insane adventures!
That was really traumatizing!
I quit! I'm out!
Come on, don't be like that.
The universe is a crazy, chaotic place.
You're the one that's crazy and chaotic!
Adventures are supposed
to be simple and fun.
Oh, yeah, Morty. That's real easy to say
from the sidekick position.
But how about next time you be in charge
and then we'll talk about
how simple and fun it is.
Seriously, Rick?
You'll let me call the shots?
Okay, yeah, fine,
but let's make it interesting, Morty.
If your adventure sucks
and we bail halfway through it,
you lose the right to bitch
about all future adventures.
-And you do my laundry for a month.
-Alright, tough guy!
But if it's good, I get to be
in charge of every third adventure!
-Every tenth.
-Deal. Come on, let's get going.
-The dishwasher's doing that thing again.
-Washing dishes?
-No. The opposite. Can you fix it?
-Can you help me with my homework?
-Yeah, just don't do it.
-Grandpa!
Rick, you got some kind of hand-shaped
device that can open this mayonnaise jar?
Hat trick. Morty, let's put a pin in this,
I gotta help your pathetic family.
That sounds like something
a chicken would say. [clucks]
Oh, you done did it this time. It's on.
I can't wait to watch your adventure
lay a huge fart.
As for you ding dongs...
This is a Meeseeks Box.
Let me show you how it works.
-You press this...
-[joyful] I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
You make a request. Mr. Meeseeks,
open Jerry's stupid jar.
Yesiree!
-The Meeseeks fulfills the request...
-All done!
-...and then it stops existing.
-Oh my God, he exploded!
Trust me, they're fine with it.
Knock yourselves out.
Just keep your requests simple.
[burps] They're not gods.
Alright! Everybody out of here now!
I got a bet to win!
-So many possibilities...
-My mind is racing.
If we're going to use this thing,
we need to keep it simple.
-[joyful] I'm Mister Meeseeks!
-I want to be popular at school!
-Summer, what did I just--
-I'm Mister Meeseeks! Look at me!
-I want to be a more complete woman!
-Oh, yeah! Yes, ma'am!
You guys are doing it wrong.
He said simple.
Hey there, I'm Mr. Meeseeks!
[Jerry clears throat]
Mr. Meeseeks, I would like to take
two strokes off my golf game.
-Oh, yeah, can do!
-Nailed it.
[medieval music]
God, what a boring start to an adventure.
Why didn't we just go to Kentucky?
This is a fantasy type world
with creatures and fantasy things.
-We're going on a quest, okay?
-Can't wait.
Ahem! Excuse me! We are two humble
heroes in search of adventure!
-Oh my God, so embarrassing.
-At last! Two heroes!
You must help us.
This village is terribly poor,
yet the giant that lives
in the clouds above has untold treasures.
You know what? I accept your call
to adventure, good sir! Kind sir.
Come on, Rick.
There's a giant in the clouds.
Yeah, [burps] beginner's luck.
[joyful] In conclusion,
a friendship with Summer Smith
is the most valuable and enriching
experience of your young lives.
I'm Mister Meeseeks! Look at me!
[crowd cheers]
Thank you!
Mr. Meeseeks was it? Gene Vagina.
I'm in a bit of a custody thing
with my ex and was wondering--
I'll get your info from Summer!
I got pregnant at seventeen. I still
put myself through veterinary school.
Yes, I'm successful,
but what if I hadn't--
I'm just saying, somewhere along the way,
I lost that wide eyed girl from Muskegon.
-[joyful] She's still there, Beth.
-Well her waistline isn't.
[laughs awkwardly]
Beth, having a family doesn't mean
that you stop being an individual.
You know the best thing you can do
for people that depend on you?
Be honest with them.
Even if it means setting them free.
You're saying I should leave Jerry.
I can't believe I'm finally having
this conversation.
-More wine?
-[clears throat] I think I've had enough.
[joyful] Remember to square
your shoulders, Jerry.
[annoyed] Yeah, yeah. I got it.
That's okay.
I'm Mister Meeseeks! Look at me!
Try again and keep your head down.
Okay, which is it? Square my shoulders
or keep my head down?
Well, it's both.
But most importantly you got to relax.
You know what? I don't think
this is working. I give up.
I'm sorry, Jerry,
but it doesn't work like that.
I'm Mister Meeseeks. I have to fulfill
my purpose so I can go away. Look at me!
Well make yourself comfortable,
because I suck.
No, Jerry, I'm the one who sucks!
Let me try something.
-I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
-Hi! I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me.
Can you help me get two strokes off
of Jerry's golf swing?
Can do! I'm Mister Meeseeks!
Is he keeping his shoulders squared?
Oh, he's trying!
[medieval music]
[both gasp]
Alright, we're in your stupid
giant's castle. What do we do next?
Relax, Rick. All we gotta do
is find the treasure room.
It's nice and simple.
I'm sorry everything's going
so smoothly and adventurously.
[booming footsteps]
Uh-oh! Start'n to get a little hairy.
What do you wanna do, boss?
-C'mon, hurry! Behind this cookie jar!
-[deep voice] Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum!
Give up. This is game over. I'll take us
home right now, you just say the word.
No way, Rick. This is all part of it.
Adventures have conflict. Deal with it.
I smell the blood of-- Whoop!
Holy crap!
He looks pretty bad down there.
Looks like he's bleeding out.
[yells] Oh, Jesus! Dale!
You sons of bitches!
[Morty] Oh, man!
911? My husband has been attacked
by tiny people! He's dying!
[camera flash]
We get it. You're little,
down on your luck, and you think:
"He's a giant. Why don't we break into
his home and murder him?".
-But that's not how it went down!
-You're both going down like that.
Oh, boy, you're really
showing me how it's done.
[burps] Real straight-forward and fun.
Like, letting go of the need to be
popular is what makes people like you.
The most important love
you can receive is from yourself.
-You gotta just choke up on the club!
-Which is it, choke up or follow-through?
Come on, Jerry, we've been over this,
you know you gotta do both.
This is as frustrating for us
as it is for you!
That just puts pressure on me!
-Just try to relax.
-[angry] Have you ever tried to relax?
It is a paradox!
These Meeseeks, huh? Kind of a handful.
I can't imagine what you
must be going through.
-Our Meeseeks have been gone for hours.
-You're kidding me.
-Notice anything different?
-I'm sorry. Hours?
Dad, mom is a beautiful woman!
Look at her! You will lose her!
-Uh...
-Jerry?
You mind if we get back
to the task at hand?
Meeseeks don't usually
have to exist this long.
It's getting weird.
Order in the court!
Before the jury reaches its verdict,
I just want to say
that I consider you both very guilty.
Great adventure, buddy.
Rick and Morty go to Giant Prison.
If somebody drops the soap, it's gonna
land on our heads and crush our spines.
It'll be really easy to rape us
after that.
We're gonna be okay, Rick.
How? They took my portal gun.
This is an open and shut case.
You think some magical angel
is going to show up and then--
Fee! Fi! Fo! Fum!
I smell the violation of civil liberties!
Your honor,
I'm from a tiny person's advocacy group
and I have here in my hand
a motion to dismiss.
These little men were never read
their rights and are therefore
free fi to fo home.
-What the hell is he talking about?
-They're free to go.
I'm deconstruction our thing we say.
We're giants. Nobody got that?
-Whatever.
-Oh, man, what'd I tell you, Rick!
We did it!
Looks like the portal gun's still working,
you ready to head home?
You'd like that, wouldn't you?
Well, we're not bailing out just yet.
We're gonna go find some treasure or
something and bring it to those villagers.
Morty, cut your losses,
this is obviously a wash.
Yeah, you were saying that back
when we first got arrested,
but here we are,
walking down the courthouse steps.
Oh, boy, Morty!
Usually, walking down the steps
is the easy part of the adventure.
-What do you say, Morty?
-I say: "Give me a hand, sidekick".
[Rick sighs]
[Meeseeks yell upset]
Everybody shut up! Let me try!
Damn it! Damn it!
-I'm going out.
-Wait, what?
Well, you're busy, I'm hungry,
I thought I'd go out.
Do you want me to be happy or in prison?
Whoa, whoa! Where in the hell is--
I'll take you to dinner.
[Meeseeks groan]
You know what? It's hard being me too.
I'll be right there.
[Beth sighs]
I've got a marriage to keep together.
At this point, my golf swing
is more your problem than mine.
[desperately] I can't take it anymore.
I just want to die!
-We all want to die, we're Meeseeks!
-Why did you even rope me into this?
-'Cause he roped me into this!
-Him over there, he roped me into this!
-Well he roped me into this!
-What about me? He roped me into this!
-That one of there, roped me into this.
-Well, he roped me into this!
[both pant]
This is the part everybody loves.
Scaling down 650.000 oversized steps.
Alright, if this was a story,
this part wouldn't be included, stupid.
Hey, Rick, what do you know,
look down there.
Looks like some kinda tavern built
right into the side of the step!
Oh, wow, Rick!
Now this is more like it!
Look, there's little staircase people
in here. All kinds of crazy characters.
This place is great, you know?
It's whimsical and fun.
-What are you looking at, [censor beep]?
-Easy, Rick.
Pay them no mind,
those stair goblins can be moody.
What can I getcha?
We've got Skarlog Poppies,
Flurlow, Halzingers,
-Bloogies, Juicy Time babies...
-Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You got any Scotch whiskey around here?
Or just a buncha nonsense words?
[scolding] Rick...
We'll have two Bloogies, please.
And we were wondering, is there a faster
way we could get down these stairs?
Y'all need to ride down the stairs?
My name is Slippely-Slippery Stair!
I'll take you down there
for 25 shmeckels.
25 shmeckels? I don't know how much
that is. Is that a lot? Is it a little?
That's exactly how much I spent
on my big fake boobies.
Hi, I'm Mr. Booby Buyer. I'll buy
those boobies for 25 shmeckels.
It's a tempting offer,
but I'm gonna have to decline.
Rats! What a shame.
Your adventure's in a spiral.
For real, man, time to pull out.
You keep heckling my adventure!
You know why?
-Because it's lame?
-It's because you're petty!
How many times have I had to follow you
into some nonsensical bull crap?
I always roll with the punches,
Rick, why can't you?
I gotta take a leak,
and when I come back,
if you haven't learned
how to lighten up, don't be here!
Whatever.
It's become clear, look at me,
that if we concentrate all our efforts
on Jerry's follow through,
we will solve this problem.
I'm Mr. Meeseeks!
I'm Mr. Meeseeks, look at me.
The only thing that's clear, is that
choking up is the one true solution.
Look at me, I'm Mr. Meeseeks.
I've been trying to help Jerry
for two days,
an eternity in Meeseeks time,
and nothing's worked. I fear the worst!
Your failures are your own, old man.
I'm Mister Meeseeks! Look at me.
I say follow through!
Who's with me?
[Meeseeks cheer]
-[joyful] I'm Mr. Meeseeks! Look at me!
-Kill him!
[hisses]
[friendly] How are you today?
I'm Mister Jelly Bean.
Hi, Mister Jelly Bean. I'm Morty.
My Grandpa and I are on an adventure.
-Nice, is it a fun adventure?
-I hope so.
But I'm starting to get nervous that
it's gone too far off the rails.
-Isn't that what adventures do?
-Hey, you know what? You're right!
Everything's going fine.
I just gotta relax and go with the flow.
Yeah!
-[anxiously] Okay. Uh... bye.
-Uh, no, stay! Go with the flow.
Stop, you're making me
really uncomfortable.
-Stop fighting me. Just let this happen.
-Get off of me!
♪ Sweet home Alabama! ♪ Woo!
[gasps] No! Stop! Please!
Stop being such a [censor beep] tease,
you sweet little [censor beep].
[Meeseeks yell]
[screams] No! No!
[scared] Ow!
[shouts] Everybody stop! Look at me!
My brothers, nothing will be accomplished
by shedding Meeseeks' blood.
None of us can die until our job is done.
The job can't be done!
We'll never get two strokes off his game!
No we won't. But we will get
all strokes off his game.
[all murmur]
When we kill him!
[all cheer]
Jerry, maybe it's time
I take that trip I always talk about.
Where would you go?
I don't know, man.
Italy, Greece, Argentina...
[imitates Carnac] Countries known
for their sexually aggressive men.
[nervous laugh]
Did I tell you how much I love
your new hair cut?
[rumbling sound]
What the heck?
There he is!
[people scream]
Run, Jerry!
Come on out, Jerry!
Guys, I'll choke up. I'll follow through.
I'll do whatever you tell me to do.
Oh, we're well past that, Jerry.
Come on, Rick, quit stalling.
Whattaya got?
Read 'em and weep, fellas!
Hey, Morty. Listen,
I'm sorry about all that stuff
I said about your adventure.
I'm havin' a good time, Morty.
It's not so bad.
Let's just go home.
I'm calling it. The adventure's over.
-We can't leave now. I'm on fire!
-I want to leave now. You win the bet.
Just give me the portal gun
and let's go, please.
Please I just want to go home.
[sobs]
Listen, Morty.
I just won a bunch of shmeckels.
Why don't we pay Slippery Stair here
for a ride back to the village,
-and we give the rest to the villagers?
-Really?
Sure, Morty. Yeah. You know,
a good adventure, needs a good ending.
[coughs] Buckle up!
Meeseeks are not born into this world
fumbling for meaning, Jerry.
We are created to serve
a singular purpose for which we will go
to any lengths to fulfill!
Existence is pain to a Meeseeks, Jerry.
We will do anything
to alleviate that pain.
Just ask!
What's your name, ma'am?
Samantha.
[sobs] Please, mister!
Give him what he wants!
Innocent people are going to die
because of me.
Why am I so mediocre?
Jerry, turn around.
Straighten your back.
Bend your knees. Bend them!
Square your shoulders.
Now take a deep breath.
[Jerry exhales]
[whispers] I love you.
I'm counting to three, Jerry.
[tension music]
[Meeseeks gasp]
What the [censor beep] is going on?
[all cheer]
That's a lower handicap stroke!
Excuse me. I'm a bit
of a Stickler Meeseeks.
What about your short game?
[sobs] Oh my God! Oh my God!
Wow, nice!
-I think we'll take our food to go.
-No, you won't. The police are coming.
-You have so many questions to answer.
-[sexy voice] Fair enough.
[medieval music]
[villagers cheer]
Thank you, kind sir. Our village
is saved. You are both true heroes!
[villager] Hooray!
[giggles]
Good job, Morty.
Looks like you won the bet.
Thanks, but I don't know if I should.
You were right about the universe.
It's a crazy and chaotic place.
Maybe that's why it could use
a little cleaning up every now and then.
This one's wrapped up neat and clean,
'cause we did it Morty style.
Oh! Heroes, we would like
to introduce you to our beloved king,
so that he may thank you personally.
Uh, no, it's cool!
Rick. Portal. Hurry.
[villagers cry out]
So... you still thinking
about taking that trip?
[sighs] Look, we don't have a perfect
marriage, but I'm not going anywhere.
When we were in that freezer,
I realized the Meeseeks are
like the guys I went to high school with:
willing to say anything
to complete their task.
Was I one of those guys?
The difference is
you didn't disappear afterwards.
Well... I got you pregnant.
[miserably] Yeah...
-What the hell happened to this place?
-Your Meeseeks Box happened.
They went crazy when they couldn't take
two strokes off Jerry's golf game.
It's not my fault Jerry's an idiot.
Is there anything you can do
to clean this place up?
-Well, I do have a Fleeseeks box...
-No. No more boxes.
What? It just has a mop and some
floor wax in it. Wubba lubba dub dubs!
[Beth and Jerry laugh]
That's my new thing!
I'm kind of like... Arsenio!
That's what Arsenio used to say
on his show. Wobble gobba lop bops!
-See you next week, everybody.
-I don't get it.
[Rick and Morty main theme]
[running footsteps]
Sir, I think you're going
to want to see this.
We found it inside a lock box
inside King Jelly Bean's closet.
[heaves]
-We have to tell the people.
-Wait.
Destroy it.
Our people will get more
from the idea he represented
than from the jellybean he actually was.